Add Overworld test plans (#112)
Gamify-IT/docs: dev-manuals/test-plans/overworld-frontend/plans/minimap-functions.md

> # Name: minimap functions

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# HUD: minimap functions (`u.hud-1`)
```

Number: U.hud.1
Version: V0.1, 2022-08-10, create test case
Author: Michael Linder
Tester: -

## Description

This use case verifies that the minimap works as intended.  

## Precondition

Overworld is loaded, minimap is displayed

## Postcondition

## Typical procedure

1. The tester checks if the Player head is always in the middle of the minimap by walking around
2. The tester zooms in the minimap with the keybind
3. The tester zooms out the minimap with the keybind
4. The tester zooms in the minimap with the button
5. The tester zooms out the minimap with the button
6. The tester checks if there are always 4 zoom levels
7. The tester walks around and checks if the minimap displays npc heads and area symbols
8. The tester zooms out the game with the keybind and checks if the minimap also zoomed out

> 9. The tester zooms in the game with the keybind and checks if the minimap also zoomed in

Reviewer: Isn't that already in another test plan?

Reviewer 2: yes, but rather be safe then sorry no?

Reviewer: Why test it twice?
Doesn't that only waste time?

Reviewer: Especially if we test for multiple OSses?

> 1. The tester checks if the Player head is always in the middle of the minimap by walking around
> 2. The tester zooms in the minimap with the keybind
> 3. The tester zooms out the minimap with the keybind
> 4. The tester zooms in the minimap with the button
> 5. The tester zooms out the minimap with the button
> 6. The tester checks if there are always 4 zoom levels
> 7. The tester walks around and checks if the minimap displays npc heads and area symbols
> 8. The tester zooms out the game with the keybind and checks if the minimap also zoomed out
> 9. The tester zooms in the game with the keybind and checks if the minimap also zoomed in
> 10. The tester walks around with different zoom levels and checks the minimap if everything is displayed correctly
> 
> ## Alternative procedures
> 
> N/A

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Check that the Player head is always in the middle of the minimap when walking around
2. Zoom in the minimap with the shortcut
3. Zoom out the minimap with the shortcut
4. Check that there is a finite and constant amount of zoom levels
5. Walk around and check if the minimap displays NPC heads and area symbols
6. Walk around with different zoom levels and check on the minimap if everything is displayed correctly and no world borders are visible

## Alternative procedures

2.1. zoom in using the button \
3.1. zoom out using the button
```
